Naked singularities that naturally forms in areas where there is a massive amount of potential to create change. Aether is created in miniscule amounts any time a timeline splits, any time the interaction between free-will / choice results in a branching path. When a choice is made, reality continues along one path while a new reality where the other choice is made is created at/near the point of that choice. The more possible actions and the more each moment's actions could effect the greater world/universe, the denser the  Aether that is generated from it is. This effect causes area with powerful weapons, more mass, more energy, and more decision-making by sentients with wide sway to have higher amounts and higher density Aether to use.

Aether can be used to do effectively anything by directly storing 'change' and imparting that change on the world. The more simple the change, the less Aether required. So moving an object or exciting particles to create fire might be trivial while altering powerful minds or shifting entire planets might require large amounts of Aether. This material isn't "used" like a fuel, rather, it radiates it's power away from it. It does not decay, as the universes created are perpetual. This makes it a form of perpetual motion, with more slowly being created over time as the universe becomes more complex.

Stranded-Aether is a Aether derived of universes that share certain characteristics. They are created when Ichor is generated by changes connected to one specific idea. In a location with a lot of people with the power to manipulate nuclear warheads or materials, ichor generated might create far more potential for uses relating to creating nuclear change. For example, a massive radioactive energy space station that distributes nuclear materials and energy generated from it across a wide region could have nuclear stranded Aether form nearby. This Aether would then be especially useful for creating nuclear related Aether-empowered constructions. Like creating a sentient homunculi with nuclear powers.