Ichor-Aether

A material that naturally forms in areas where there is a massive amount of potential to create change. This is theorized to be created as a result of some interaction with multiverses being created at any one point in time. The more possible actions and the more each moment's actions could effect the greater world/universe, the more Ichor-Aether will appear. This effect causes area with powerful weapons, more mass, more energy, and more decision-making by sentients with wide sway to have higher amounts of Aether to use.

Ichor-Aether can be used to do effectively anything by directly storing 'change' and imparting that change on the world. The more simple the change, the less Ichor-Aether required. So moving an object or exciting particles to create fire might be trivial while altering powerful minds or shifting entire planets might require large amounts of Ichor-Aether. This material isn't "used" like a fuel, rather, it radiates it's power away from it. It does not decay, as the universes created are perpetual. This makes it a form of perpetual motion, with more slowly being created over time as the universe becomes more complex.

Stranded-Ichor is a ichor derived of universes that share certain characteristics. They are created when Ichor is generated by changes connected to one specific idea. In a location with a lot of people with the power to manipulate nuclear warheads or materials, ichor generated might create far more potential for uses relating to creating nuclear change. For example, a massive radioactive energy space station that distributes nuclear materials and energy generated from it across a wide region could have nuclear stranded ichor form nearby. This ichor would then be especially useful for creating nuclear related ichor-empowered constructions. Like creating a sentient homunculi with nuclear powers.