# 1. Summary
The Biphrol Station is the first instance of a stable inter-galactic station ever created. It stands as a testament to the power of one of the largest alliances in the Milky Way Galaxy. 

# 2. History

Created by the most powerful alliance in the Milky Way galaxy, so strong was their hold within their home galaxy that they were able to dedicated a vast amount of resources to finally closing the gap between galaxies.

The creation of the station involved a large number of wormhole 'drilling' attempts to create a wormhole path with optimal travel time between the Milky Way Galaxy and some location wthin Andromeda. The test that was finalized had an endpoint located in the Mayall II Sector, chosen both due to the speed of the path being ideal in higher dimensional distance and leading to a location within a solar system centered in a matter hotbed within the star-dense sector.

Once located, the designs for a seed ship were finalized, built, and sent through the wormhole in order to construct a more stable connection at the other mouth of the wormhole. This solidified the connection between galaxies and served as a foundation for the Mayall II Sector, devouring the asteroid belt to get the raw materials needed and giving birth to a fully synthetic organic species to increase the Ichor/Aether potential of the region enough to power the newly constructed Biphrol Station.

Unfortunately, the created inhabitants of the system became aware of the purpose of the construction of the Biphrol Station and the achingly slow collection of ichor/aether generated by their population's growing influence and power within the system. While there were some plans built into the seed ship for dealing with such a possibility, those plans proved indicate to completely prevent the denizens of the system from throwing off the plans for the completion of the wormhole.

In the final decades before the wormhole was set to be opened in a stable manner, debate grew throughout the population as they weighed the idea of attempting to disable the now massive work and defense fleet of drones in order to delay or outright prevent the opening of this gateway to an as of yet unknown location. Several schools of thought formed, some of which were created due to the subtle influence of the drone's programmed attempts to prevent the wormhole from being damaged.
1. Allow the wormhole to be finished by the autonomous fleet and have a diplomatic party prepared for whatever may or may not come through. Additionally, have an exploration party ready to find where the other side leads.
2. Attempt to flee the solar system and remove all traces of their civilization in case the species is hostile or dangerous, hoping that if nothing is detected they will expand slower/not at all.
3. Attempt to take control of the in-progress station from the autonomous fleet, finishing construction with or without their help but ensuring that they have control over what can/cannot come through the wormhole. If there are possible friends on the other side, they can allow them through. If not, they can restrict or completely prevent the flow of ships.
4. Attempt to destroy the in-progress station entirely to prevent or delay whatever might be waiting on the other side to come into their system and do whatever benevolent or malevolent plans it has in mind.

In the last 20 years before the gate was finished, the debate around how to handle the gate flared into a interplanetary war that resulted in the destruction of several large colonies, a significant portion of the drone fleet, and the complete destruction of the more militaristic faction after an alliance between the faction supporting wormhole-control and the remaining drones formed and several crucial pieces of information regarding ichor/aether technology was given to the faction by the drones as a bartering chip.

When the station finally came online, the species was rather wary given the ramifications of the station on their species. For the first years they allowed only transmissions to be sent through the wormhole, discovering from the Milky Way alliance that their species was seeded from it's inception and thus owed both their existence and near-destruction to the meddling of this interstellar alliance. Some minor cultural exchanges took place and eventually those from the Milky Way were able to negotiate a small crew-swap after giving the species some technology for inter-system travel. Since then ports have slowly been opened a little wider more and more as time goes on, with the Milky Way Alliance generally uninterested in conflict that could cause the wormhole to be damaged and closed while the species from the Biphrol system is uninterested with conflict with an empire far more powerful and expansive than their own. The lack of direct control from the Milky Way and the interest of those from the Biphrol Station leading them to allowing non-Alliance ships through just as much as alliance-controlled ships, the Andromeda Galaxy has become a wild-west of sorts as more advanced freelancer ships are coming through without equally advanced security ships keeping them in check.

